Improve the documentation regarding contributions (#3500)
Alamofire/Alamofire: README.md

  > The `Alamofire.framework` is automagically added as a target dependency, linked framework and embedded framework in a copy files build phase which is all you need to build on the simulator and a device.

## Contributing

> Please read the instructions detailed in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before contributing to Alamofire, please read the instructions detailed our [contribution guide](https://github.com/Alamofire/Alamofire/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
